[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I have a question for you.
How much of your
current life takes place
in an electronic
communication world?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And how does that calibrate in
zero and number one reality?
Today, we spend most
of our time connecting
using instant
communications, through text,
social media, et cetera.
These are dimensional
interactions.
They all occur in
zero reality and not
in physical or
number one reality.
My name is Randy
Veitenheimer, and it's
important to have a clear
understanding of how
digital communication
affects our 0-1 reality.
Armed with this knowledge,
we have the ability
to use these interactions for
our own health and well-being.
We also want to explore what
is beyond the digital realm
to other dimensions
that might be
trying to communicate with us.
This episode is meant to give
us a better understanding of how
we energetically
participate and interact
with our new reality today and
other dimensions of existence.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Let's refresh on what
proximate reality is.
For most people, reality
consists of duality.
That duality is our
physical existence
and our non-physical
reality, which
is our experiential reality.
Physical interactions
have a feedback,
and that is considered
number one reality.
Experiential reality is
our thoughts, our feelings,
and any information that comes
through non-physical means.
This I consider as zero reality.
The majority of our time today
is spent in a physical world,
but the majority of our
experiences of that world
is in the non-physical universe.
We can lump all physical
and non-physical events
into what we call our
human energy field.
And our energy field
contains the information.
So for most people, we
don't experience energy,
we experience it as
information, and that
is how we process energy.
If we look at how we go
through the night and the day
of each human life, the night
is an experiential experience,
where information is being
participated in and downloaded.
Since it is entirely
experiential and non-physical,
we don't retain the
information as easily
as we do through
physical interactions.
So how does
information come to you
if you're not consciously
reading the energy
or information?
At night, you're
much more open to
the non-physical
information, which
is contained in other
dimensions of existence.
It's real popular
in physics to talk
about this in the form
of parallel universes.
The subconscious is
processing the energy
from these other dimensions
in the form of dreams
or semiconscious participation.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There was a study
done at Harvard
on sleep and sensory
inputs, and in this study
they discovered when you sleep,
your senses become absent
of the body.
They are in non-physical space.
Your senses travel to wherever
your dreams and subconscious
activity is going on.
Visual experiences,
smells, feeling of falling,
sounds you might hear, your
senses become non-local.
This study proves
that zero reality
has an energetic
property that you
are interactive with whether
you're aware of it or not.
This is also represented
in the physical
or during the day, as that's
when most people are not
aware of the information
they are picking up.
In this sense, most
people's senses stay local.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
When you text and drive
your car at the same time,
you are driving, which is number
one reality, physical reality,
but texting is zero reality.
It's a function of the mind
and it is in your mind.
When you're driving and
texting, you are neither driving
our texting because you have
cancelled your awareness
by simply bilocating
your senses.
It says, if you are awake and in
a dream state at the same time.
And because of that,
there is a time delay
similar to being asleep
and then waking up
when you move back into
and realize you are now
in physical reality.
This example, is a big
picture of how humans today
are transitioning to zero
reality more and more.
And much more than number one
because of our smart devices
and electronic interactions.
Here's the concern with that.
There are potential
health issues
because of no longer knowing how
to relate to physical reality.
For example, in the
case of video gamers,
emotional interactions, physical
interactions, and relationships
go away because everything they
experience is in zero reality,
and the feedback
is all internal.
Feedback is good.
It's an internal dialogue.
But physical feedback
is how we relate
with our current reality.
The reason why physical
reality is important
is because you
must have balance.
When people talk about being
a superhero and superhuman,
you can't just do that
in zero reality, fantasy,
and imagination.
You have to do that
in number one reality
to really experience it.
You must be able to
master your thoughts
and body at the same time.
There are a lot of disciplines--
yoga and martial arts
being prime examples--
where this is not
only the process,
but is also the outcome
of those activities.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Extreme activeness
and zero reality
is an extreme catatonic state.
Extreme activeness
in number one reality
would be a person without
empathy or thoughts or feelings
and total physical
engagement with reality.
Let's say that you're able to
balance both zero and number
one reality.
There is one truth, and that is
that zero reality is much more
extensive.
This can be accessed
and used to find
answers for what you're seeking,
as long as there is balance.
What's that mean?
It means that there are
dimensions of interactions that
have an extensive data set
that our mind and dreams set
interpret as reality.
This data can be used
to answer questions
you have about the
future and about
the present and about the past.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It also offers a look into
different realms of existence.
This includes entities, ghosts,
aliens, spirit attachments,
and a multitude of others, and
physics doesn't address these.
Entities are independent,
non-physical consciousnesses
that are created.
For example, let's say you want
to connect with your spirit
guide.
You're meditating
in zero reality
and you ask to have that
spirit guide come forward.
The being that comes forward is
a real presence or information
body in zero reality, and it
is interpreted by yourself
based on your knowledge
of this physical world.
It is real over there,
but interpreted by you
as a physical
reality here and now.
These forms do not
generally share or exist
in our physical reality.
So when you are in zero
reality, wandering around,
even when you are sleeping,
spirit attachments
are in a different dimension
that attach you because we have
energy and they need energy.
This is the underlying
basis for the interaction.
They are not actually giving you
information like the entities,
but more taking of your energy.
What about ghosts?
Ghosts are not
exactly non-physical,
as their existence can be
calibrated into number one
reality to a degree.
People that are alive might be
sending information or energy
to the person that
has passed, and that
might energize them to come
into the physical form.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Let's take, for example,
praying to a god or goddess.
That energy from the
people that pray gives life
to a non-physical
entity, good or bad.
We could say Ra is
an old god, and I
could go get a bunch of
people to pray for him,
and then the energy field
may or may not serve me.
The feedback from
that energy field
is based on how much
connectivity you
have with that energy field.
In this sense, I have
given it new life.
This means constantly feeding
it with your energy and prayers
so that consciousness
then becomes a bigger
part of your own reality.
This could be
helpful, but then you
could also become subservient.
I teach that you should
not put your energy
towards non-physical
beings and instead
focus on internally knowing
who you are and being yourself.
This will keep you safe and
create trust within yourself.
You need to align yourself with
the divinity of your choosing.
When you call on
a god or goddess
to help you align with
their consciousness for that
attribute that they
possess that you don't, you
have chosen to take
on that skill set.
You would put on a robe or
overlay of this god or goddess,
but underneath you are still
your own consciousness.
You are acting within the
restraints of that non-physical
being, and when you are
done, you cast it off.
The most important thing
is to control and know
who you are before giving away
your consciousness to anything
else.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
How do you determine whether
what you are interacting with
is good or bad?
We don't have to go
to the non-physical
to really examine that.
In the physical realm, we have
relatives, we have friends,
we have partners, we
have relationships.
And I love the term
"energy vampire."
One of the easiest ways to
understand an energy vampire
in the form of a
physical person is
when you talk to
them, immediately
after the conversation,
turn around, face
a different direction,
and ask yourself,
do I feel more energized or do
I feel more drained and more
depressed.
Negative people
drain you of energy.
A negative idea shrinks
your energy field.
When you think of
somebody, you either
are energized in a positive
way or in a negative way.
When you look at
something, there's
eye recognition software
that examines your pupils
to determine whether
you are excited,
are you withdrawn from
what you're looking at.
And that can be a person,
a place, or a thing,
and each of those causes you
to either shrink or expand
your energy field.
This is your reaction to it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What if we go into the
non-physical realms?
The experiential reality
that is so extensive
that the entire
population of the Earth
and their physical reality is
a very small and insignificant
portion to the amount
of reality that
is created by their thoughts and
interactions, with this world
and with this universe.
There are those experiences
that we term nightmares, that
drain you of so much
energy and literally
can create a physiological
change in your body.
Nightmares have the ability
to take over your respiration
rate, your heart rate,
your brainwave activity,
your neurochemistry.
It's like one of the
most potent weapons that
exist in zero reality.
I find in my practice,
a lot of time children
that have physical
problems, particularly
like with wetting the
bed or things like that,
almost always
nightmares are involved.
What happens is they have
connected their consciousness,
not necessarily of
their own volition,
to these kind of things that
feed off that negative energy.
Do you feed off negative
energy, or do you
feed off positive energy?
Human consciousness
is interactive not
just with the physical
reality of life,
but also the life of
non-physical reality.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So just like in our
physical world where
judgment is a daily
activity, and we assign
different values, positive
and negative, to everything
from the food we eat to
the relationships we have,
it's the same way with
non-physical reality.
The difference is
one of participation.
In non-physical reality,
your interaction with it,
the degree of communication
that occurs between you and it
determines how
much effect it has
on your physical body,
your mental body,
and your emotional body.
Your emotions can
become frightened,
your mental state can
become fragmented,
and your physical body can
exhibit signs of fight, flight,
or freezing in the
middle of the night
and you have no idea
how it happened.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
People ask me, how do
you defend against this.
By not participating.
In the esoteric community,
it's very common
to promote blocking--
blocking of your interactions
with non-physical reality.
It's one of the
primary sources of loss
of energy, where you try
to block the fact that you
were in a relationship
or you got fired
or that you were sick.
And it's always the negative
you're trying to block.
If we look at all negative
experiences in life,
we would go, yes, I
was there, and there
would be no energy devoted to
that memory or that experience.
So that would be an ideal
way to deal with a negative.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Having things that protect you
has existed throughout history.
There are lots of amulets,
the kind you wear.
There are different objects.
There's lots of crystals.
And everybody says, well, this
works, that works, this works,
and it's not exactly true.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What happens is, you're
using that object that you've
brought into your life,
that you've hung on the wall
or placed by your
bed, and you're
using it as a focus
of your consciousness.
And as a focus of
your consciousness
and with the right
frequency, you
energize that object to take
the place of the need for you
to defend yourself or
even to protect yourself.
And in doing so, you free
your mind of this fearfulness.
And instead, you come
to some source of peace
within yourself.
If you can do that,
you can achieve
a night of relaxation, a night
of sleep without any problems.
So these are very common,
but just remember,
they do not work.
They are just tools.
And that the
activating principle
is your own consciousness
and your own energy.
The more energy you
put into something--
a ring, a crystal,
the more it vibrates,
the more that frequency retains
the idea that you have in mind
that this is protective of me.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So now we have an
internal dialogue
going on in the mind between
that which is positive
and that which is negative.
What's the difference?
The way I explain it is
that that which is negative
feeds off negative
energy, whether it's
a thought, a being,
a non-physical being.
It covers the whole spectrum.
They live off negative energy.
If you look at the
other end, there's
people that live of positive
energy, and they radiate that.
As you become more
aware and understanding
of energy in your life,
you become more aware
of the positive or negative
nature of everything.
We don't have to demonize it.
We don't have to be in judgment.
We just need to know,
does this benefit me.
You should do things that
promote your own life
and well-being.
If you feel you need
to protect yourself,
then you should do those
things that work for you.
It's extensive.
You can find something
that appeals to you.
And the appeal is that you
have some sort of affinity that
allows you to place your
consciousness and your energy
into something that
affects your reality.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
By understanding
the reality that you
live in today, and by tuning
in to the right frequency,
you will be able to find
answers to your questions
about yourself.
Let's dive into another
part of yourself.
What is your consciousness?
How does it affect your reality?
Stay tuned for our
next episode, as we
explore the fundamental
elements that get
us closer to our true selves.
[MUSIC PLAYING]